Dear friends,

Here are my points. We students of today have to pay much attention to our lessons and know little of our society, though it's not our fault. A holiday is the best time to make up for that. Taking a part-time job is a form of social practice. What is learnt in books can't have the same effects as what is learnt through experience. In social practice, we surely can make progress in both our knowledge and ability. Besides, taking a part-time job, we may get paid more or less for our family. Thus, I will say a student should take a part-time job in holiday, if possible, of course.


China

China is a country with a long history. It lies the east of Asia and faces the Pacific Ocean on the ease. It has twelve countries as its neighbors, such as Russia, India and so on.
The letter "PRC" stands for the people's republic of china. Its capital is Beijing, a famous old city and the center in many ways.
There are many rivers in China. Among them the Chang Jiang and Huang He River are the most important ones. The weather in china is neither too cold in winter nor too hot in summer.
As it opens to the outside world, China is becoming richer and stronger.


Money

Money is something but is not everything. There are many precious things that we can't buy with money. How much does time cost? How much is health, true love, wisdom? I bet no one knows. They are priceless. Money can't buy none of them.


Each of us takes a unique place in the world, no matter what others say or what you think. So forget about being replaced.


struggles

Sometimes, struggles are exactly what we need in our life. If God allowed us to go through our live without any obstacles, it would cripple us and we would not be as strong as what we could have been.


Fire Cause

Fire, one of the most terrible killer in modern society, is mainly caused by smokers, as can be saw from Graph.
In 2002, thousands of fires happened in China. 50% of them were caused by smokers who left cigarettes anywhere. 30% were caused by detective insulation and 20% by children playing with matches. No matter what kind of reason was, there was one thing in common--carelessness.
we should warn children of danger of playing with matches. Workers should know the importance of good insulation. Smoking should not be allowed in public places.


Does losing weight depend on drugs

Why do we become overweight? That's because we have more calories in food and drink than we need. So the best way to lose weight is to reduce the unnecessary calories. To achieve that aim, we should pay attention to our diet. That's to say we should avoid some food high in calories. Besides, we should build up our bodies by doing exercise.
However, if we depend on drugs, it may bring some bad results. we often see someone was ill in hospital for eating some unsuitable drugs to lose weight. It's important to develop a good eating habit and do exercise because many people who are fat often like snack food and are rarely saw doing sports. On the other hand, they shouldn't consider it a shame to be fat as beauty doesn't only exist in appearance.


Setting fireworks to celebrate the spring festival

In China, setting fireworks to celebrate the spring festival has a long history. So, to enliven the festival atmosphere and enable people to spend a happy spring festival, it is reasonable and wise to allow people to set off fireworks. Of course, it is easy for some children to get hurt when playing fireworks carelessly. One workable way is to set fireworks at a set time in assigned areas and take safety measures. In this way every one's interest and likes are taken into consideration and everybody  can spend a happy and enjoyable spring festival.


Living with cancer

Living with cancer has made me realize how precious life is and how important  it is for us to take every chance to live life to the fullest. Everyday is new opportunity and I have learnt to appreciate every minute of each day.


Prejudice

Prejudice can be a greater obstacle to fruitful communication and exchange between us than the great oceans and mountains that separate us physically.


pop music

As far as I am concerned, we can't deny that pop music is an essential part of our life. It injects new and vivid element into many aspects, without which life would be monotonous and dull. However, pursuing pop music blindly should be discouraged. what we should do is to take a more critical attitude toward the pursuit of pop music: take the essence and discard the dregs.


Our work

Our work is part of what defines us and becomes us. It needs to be something we at least care about, something that inspires us. It is not just a job. Give yourself a chance, make you own choices and follow your heart.


Video Games

Video games have become more and more popular in recent years. Wherever you go, you can always see the middle school student playing video game in bar or at home. Obviously games give them great pleasure and satisfaction.
Some of my classmates think that games can develop their imagination and interest in electronics and computer science. But the majority think that school children spent too much time playing them, which certainly does harm to their health and study.
In my opinion, video games are a kind of wonderful entertainment. And if you have enough self-control in playing them, you can certainly obtain pleasure and benefit from them.


When you are old
 
When you are old and gray and full of sleep, and nodding by the fire, take down this book;
And slowly read, and dream of the soft look, your eyes had once, and of their shadows deep;
How many loved your moments of glad grace, and loved your beauty with love false or true;
But one man loved the pilgrim soul in you, and loved the sorrows of your changing face;
And bending down beside the glowing bars, murmur, a little sadly,
how love fled, and paced upon the mountains overhead, and hid his face amid a crowd of stars.



Life
 
Life is a horse, and either you ride it or it rides you.
Life is like an onion, you peel it off one layer at a time and sometimes you weep.
Life is a big canvas, and you should throw all the paint.
Life is like the moon, now dark, now full.
Life is fine and enjoyable, you must learn how to enjoy it.



Today is a New Day
 
Your tomorrows are as bright as you want to make them.
There is no reason to carry the darkness of the past with you into today.
Today is a wonderful new experience, full of every possibility to make your life exactly what you want it to be.
Today is the beginning of new happiness, new directions and new relationships.
Today is the day to remind yourself, that you posses the power and strength you need to bring contentment, love and joy into your life.
Today is the day to understand yourself and to give yourself the love and the patience that you need.
Today is the day to move forward towards your bright tomorrow.


Celebrate birthday

Chinese students celebrate their birthday in different ways, but the most common way is to hold a party , having fun drinking, singing and dancing. On the birthday, one usually receives nice gifts and good wishes from friends and parents. Sometimes, parents will prepare a special dinner or a cake to show their love for their children.
Since birthday is one of the important activities in one's life, it can be done in more meaningful ways. For example, we can buy some flowers or cook a delicious meal for our parents on that day. In this way, we express thanks to our parents in return for their love.


Bicycles or cars

Both bicycles and cars are important means of transportation. Bicycles go slowly while cars run fast. Bicycles need only human power, but cars must be run by either gas or electricity. Bicycles can be put almost anywhere, whereas cars need garages or parking lots. Buying a bicycle will cost you only a small amount, while owning a car will certainly consume a large sum of money.
Which is better, a bicycle or a car? Well, it all depends on your practical needs and personal income.
I, of course, prefer a bicycle. It doesn't cost me much to buy one, yet it is very convenient. What's more, it does not pollute the air. A bicycle serves me well.


A Psalm of life
 
Life is real! Life is earnest!
And the grave is not its goal;
Dust thou art, to dust returnest, Was not spoken of the soul.
Not enjoyment, and not sorrow is our destined end or way;
But to act, the each tomorrow find us farther than today.
In the world's broad field of battle, in the bivouac of life, 
Be not like dumb, driven cattle! Be a hero in the strife!
Lives of great men all remind us, we can make our lives sublime,
And , departing, leave behind us footprints on the sands of time.
Footprints, that perhaps another sailing over life's solemn man.
A forlorn and shipwrecked brother seeing, shall take heart again.
Let us, then, be up and doing! With a heart for any fate;
Still achieving, still pursuing, learn to labour and to wait.
